Added optional sort_by and order to list_documents and list_predictions (#94)
LucidtechAI/las-sdk-python: README.md

## Usage

Sign up for free [here](https://app.cradl.ai/signup) and download API credentials to use this SDK.

> Read more about authenticating against the APIs [here](https://docs.cradl.ai/overview/authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about authenticating to the API [here](https://docs.cradl.ai/overview/authentication)
```
